---
layout: default
title: "About page"
---
## How all this started

Well for some time now I'm using some portable applications (Firefox, Thunderbird, Gaim, etc...) and when I started to play around with Django I noticed question on one of the Django mailing lists about making Django development portable and can it be done with Movable Python. It sounded quite interesting to me too and I started to think how to make "Django on a (USB) stick".

After few tests I realized that it is not that difficult to make Python portable so I started thinking why not go all the way and make "Python on a stick" and that is how that idea was born. All the rest was a bit Python programming to create portable script runner application and to configure my favorite Python editor SciTE to run from portable device and to use Portable Python.

## Current status

I get lots of questions about "how stable it really is" ? Well every release goes through very serious testing process on at least 4 different versions of Windows. And it is also being tested by a small group of core users before it is released in the public. 

Currently there are two main "branches" based on Python 2.x and 3.x. Python 2..x based distribution usually contains more libraries as in general support for Python 2.x is more widespread in the community. 

## Future plans

Like you all expect it will be more stable, more packages, more editors, configurable, super flexible-state of the art project :-)

But that is not the final target I want to reach. What I would like to do is to give Portable Python to all those young minds on the world for free. To go with hundreds of memory sticks to schools, universities and to give them good and stable portable development environment - for FREE. Lets be honest, our future depends on the knowledge of those young people and what better way to invest in our future but to provide them with a tool to learn, develop, experiment.

Welcome to my dream. Help me to make it reality.
