---
layout: default
title: "FAQ"
---
## FAQ

 * **Can I run Portable Python on Linux or Mac OS?**

 No. At the moment Portable Python runs only on the Windows operating system.

 * **Can I run Portable Python on my portable device/phone?**

 No. At the moment Portable Python runs only on the Windows operating system.

 * **Package/library I need is not in the Portable Python distribution, can I add it?**

 For simpler packages you can use easy install or even extract them in site-packages folder of the Portable Python distribution. However some packages are installing additional dependencies in windows system folders - in this case your Portable Python distribution will not work once you move it to some other workstation. Make sure to do proper testing !

 You can always fork Portable Python build scripts on [GitHub](https://github.com/pericazivkovic/portablepython) and modify them to include package/library you need. Some basic knowledge of windows batch scripting and NSIS installer packaging is required! 

 You can also request for packages to be included in the Portable Python distribution here: [User Voice portal](http://portablepython.uservoice.com), based on the number of total voices, they will be considered for the upcoming releases.

 * **Is Portable Python Free? I see a "Donate" button!**
 
 Portable Python is and will always be free application. If you would like to support this project and help cover costs for hosting and further extensions, feel free to Donate to the project.

 * **I have a problem/bug to report! What should I do?**
 
 Visit our [support group](https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/portablepython) and post a question/report a bug. Kudos are welcome too!

 
